Impromptu Zoom Meeting - August 12
VIEW RECORDING - 17 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:00 - Awu Chen (Mit)
  This meeting is being recorded. We are live. So here is a quick demo on handheld factory device just right here.  And because it's version one, you know, there's still some wires that are hanging out. So I'm going to quickly take it apart so you can see all the components.  This is also good documentation for paper submission. Right. So what we have here is the main case. This is, I guess, 3D printed.  And if there's a need to modify the color, the texture, you know, I'll send over the 3D file. And Gigi can do the modification.  And then we have the actual screen, which is right here. This PCB is the second one that we've manufactured.  The first one, we had a little issue with it. So I'm giving you the second one, which is fully functional at the moment.  And we have actually two choices of batteries. I think it will be easier to use a portable battery like this that has a USB-C cable.  On the side of the device, we have a plug where you can just plug it in and leave it hanging.  Or you can even kind of hold it. So basically, this is the form factor. Awesome recording. Oh, great. I'm pretty good to grab a seat here.  It'll be easier to see. I'm just capturing the process video as well. So these are all the components I was saying earlier.  This is the main part, which has the PCB, and it's connected to six of the valves. These are air valves.  And we have an air pump that is connected here. And this part... It's going to power the six air valves, connect them to here, and then basically whichever one is open, the air is going to pump through, and we have the smells that we're going to attach right here.  So basically that's kind of how the system works. And we have some sample smells here that could be swapped in and out, depending on, I guess, the needs of the installation.  The reason that we changed from these individual cartridges to the six altogether is that it's easier to put in and swap out.  But I'll also send the 3D files. So if the designers have any references, they can also modify these. To put on the cartridges, the best way to do it is to have these red kind of caps on.  So we have six of them. What's the question that we're trying to answer using this device? We're trying to find if there is an RGB for smell.  Can we find the base smells that have the ability to generate all the smells in the world? Got it.  And right now we're working with 12. And with this device, we're trying to narrow it down to six. So yeah, these are some of the six that we've chosen so far.  So basically how these work is that if you look at them, they have a little strip of like paper in it.  These are like the testing papers for perfumers. We dip them in essential oil and then we put them in here and then we can plug it in.  And this becomes one of the cartridges that you can send out, that you can mix. So you take it off, the red stays here, but for the purpose of the demo, we're going to use E6, so just you can plug it in like this, and yep, so long as it doesn't come off, it's good to go.  And with our casing, this is our casing, basically, we're able to just slide the device A, so we have the wire tube that is connected to the air valve, we'll just let it slide all the way down, should fit right into this hole that we have.  There's kind of no need for the designer to be taking this in and out. This assembly the first time, in case everything falls apart during transport, but we're okay.  So see how it fits in, and this is when the device is ready. So it has six smells in here, and basically we're going to quickly slide this PCB in here as well.  It is pretty nicely soldered, so all the parts will stay here, but just in case some accidents happen, we might need to replace small parts of it.  It's pretty solid. And over here, we have the actual air valve, which you remember needs to be connected to this tube.  If the device is not working or the smell is not coming up, it's probably because this tube is disconnected from this air pump here.  So we can enangle it a little bit, but usually double check that to make sure it's connected. Here we're sliding it in here and we're about to close this.  So the trickiest part is closing this. Usually I connect it here. It's like almost a perfect thing. So usually, yep, if it clicks on, it stays on and just need to make sure that all the parts are moved in here.  Oops. See, there's hard load. We can also move this a little bit forward. Move this and move that. We have more wires to work with.  Yeah, this is the hardest, trickiest part. So get in there, stop. Now we have the device kind of completed.  You know, we leave this space out here just in case we need to fix something. But usually once it's in this shape, it's pretty durable.  So the way the device turns on is we have a little switch here, this little switch, and we can actually see.  Video on. Okay. A little switch here. You can turn on by sliding it up this angle. And like I mentioned, there's two ways to power the device.  You can either use this internal small battery, or I think it's probably easier to just connect an external power supply like this.  Just come in here and we have our USB-C here. So just plug it in. Okay. And you'll see the LED light up.  So now the device is open and we have our little firmware here. So I'm going to share my screen and we can run our demo app.  So, smell. We run our demo, and it will start scanning for the pump, and see if we can find it.  It says, cannot find the BOE thing. So usually when that happens, maybe it's not turned on correctly, so we'll turn it off and turn it on again.  Now it has found the pump, and it's going through each of the valves one at a time. So when you hear this pump actuating, that means the air is pumping through, and you will also hear like a little clicking sound, that means the device is turning on and off these individual valves.  So that is kind of everything about operating the device. You can turn it off again by sliding it down here.  Let's see if I can give it a little bit more room to what it wants. No, let's see if this works.  Have you always been interested in the smell? you have any sense? Not really. It's mainly because of my dad, because he has trouble smelling.  So, you know, once a year when he can smell, he'd be like, oh, this is the happiest day ever.  Yeah, it's quite rare. Like he has certain, I think, infection, sinus infection. So sometimes he doesn't, he has trouble, kind of, has some things to smell.  But under a certain temperature and condition, he's able to smell. So I've been thinking about how, you know, maybe there could be a device that can make it easier for him to smell or help him with smell.  And that's when I started to do smell-related research. When did you smell? A little less than a year ago.  Very recent. Yeah. think that's everything about the device. Again, I'm going to be keeping it in the specific configuration, so we don't have to change too much things, but yeah.  You're transporting it to Paris. Do you recommend it being in checked luggage, carry-on? I'll probably carry on. Yeah, if that's okay.  And I'm going to keep one of the batteries. These are like small, they're fully charged already, but I think the artist, Gigi, will have like a portable battery that we could just work with.  So should I take portable batteries? I think. Okay. If she can bring it. In her own battery, that would be the best.  But I'll keep this one in here just in case we need to. Yeah, maybe I'll show you how to operate that physical battery as well.  So the physical battery plugs in through here, and it has like two sides to it. If you accidentally plug in this way, the system would crash basically, and it requires like a reboot of the board.  So this is why I'm like more leaning towards using portable battery, because sometimes, even if you know, maybe your collaborator forgets and they plug in it correctly.  Yeah, basically this metal side needs to be facing up, and then we slide it in right here. And the same thing, you turn on with the.  And because also this version doesn't have an LED strip, so you need to be running the demo for it to know if it's powered on correctly or not.  Have you had anyone else take this kind of device overseas? No. Has there ever been any issues in terms of getting devices, like custom stops or anything?  I don't think so. These are basic electronic components. Except the battery, which they're going to ask you if you carry a mobile battery.  So that's why it's better if it's, you know, in the carry-on section. Yeah, turn that off again. If we run into any issues, you know, I'll be here helping with like the walkthrough and stuff.  So I'm not too worried on that. I'm not There And, yeah, any other questions or thoughts? Do you want to transfer the cartridges as well for the instruments?  I think they, sure, I'll pack them as well, so we can have some to work with in the beginning.  We have one, three, four, five, six of them, and they're already labeled. And then the battery output. So, yeah, this is, this is everything.  Um, maybe I'll give you a little box. Yeah, I think that would be really helpful. And recording something.